<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@amadeus-it-group/kassette](./kassette.md) &gt; [ProxyConnectMode](./kassette.proxyconnectmode.md)

## ProxyConnectMode type

The mode describing how to process `CONNECT` requests. It can be defined globally through the [proxyConnectMode](./kassette.cliconfigurationspec.proxyconnectmode.md) setting or per-request from the [onProxyConnect](./kassette.configurationspec.onproxyconnect.md) method through [setMode](./kassette.iproxyconnectapi.setmode.md)<!-- -->.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare type ProxyConnectMode = 'close' | 'intercept' | 'forward' | 'manual';
```

## Remarks

Here are the possible modes for `CONNECT` requests:

- `intercept`<!-- -->: kassette answers with `HTTP/1.1 200 Connection established` and pretends to be the target server. If the browser then makes http or https requests on the socket after this `CONNECT` request, they will be processed by kassette and pass through the [hook](./kassette.configurationspec.hook.md) method (if any). That's the default mode.

- `forward`<!-- -->: kassette blindly connects to the remote destination [hostname](./kassette.iproxyconnectapi.hostname.md) and [port](./kassette.iproxyconnectapi.port.md) specified in the `CONNECT` request and forwards all data in both directions. This is what a normal proxy server is supposed to do. The destination hostname and port can optionally be modified in the [onProxyConnect](./kassette.configurationspec.onproxyconnect.md) method through the [setDestination](./kassette.iproxyconnectapi.setdestination.md) method.

- `close`<!-- -->: kassette simply closes the underlying socket. This is what servers which do not support the `CONNECT` method do.

- `manual`<!-- -->: kassette does nothing special with the socket, leaving it in its current state. This setting allows to use any custom logic in the [onProxyConnect](./kassette.configurationspec.onproxyconnect.md) callback. It only makes sense if the [onProxyConnect](./kassette.configurationspec.onproxyconnect.md) callback is implemented, otherwise the browser will wait indefinitely for an answer.

